# Coding Challenge Web Scraper

A simple Web-Application for Analyzing Web-Sites

## Setup

You can get the web app up and running using docker-compose:

```
$ docker-compose up --build
```


## Backend

The backend implementation consists of the `scraper` package that contains the
scraping library, paired with a minimal flask application that wraps the
scraper with a web API and caches calls in memcached.

### Testing

After building the docker image, install the development packages with: 

```
$ pipenv install --dev
```

And then run the tests:

```
$ pipenv run python -m pytest
```

### Tech stack

- Python 3.6
- Flask 1.0
- Flask-Restful
- BeautifulSoup4
- Pipenv
- Envdir
- Gunicorn
- Memcached


## Frontend

The fronted implementation is a minima Angular 5 app that renders the input
form and handles the API calls.

### Tech stack

- Angular 5
- Angular Material
- Tachyons
- Nginx 1.13


### Infrastructure

- Docker 18.04
- Docker Compose


## Development log

- I started with developing the web scraper in a separate package, and adding
  unit tests.
- The next step was to develop the Flask app that would wrap the scraper 
  package and expose a web API.
- The backend development concluded with setting up memcached and using it
  to cache the results of the scraper for 24 hours.
- Then I worked on developing the Angular 5 frontend which required a lot of
  documentation reading.
- I polished the UI, added a spinner and styling with the tachyons library.
- Last step was to write this document.

## Implementation decisions

- The scope of the web app was deemed too small to justify adding
  any authentication mechanism.
- Likewise there is no automated documentation generated by the backend API.
- The backend has extensive test coverage.
- The `html_version` return by the scraper is just the document's doctype.
  It could be improved with a nicer mapping to version numbers.
- The `login_form` detection is based only on the existence of a input field
  of type `password`.
- The async fetching of inaccessible urls could be tweaked and improved more.
